STUDENT
S1: As a student I want to view all tasks that I worked on.
S2: As a student I want to enter new tasks that I worked on onto the timelog.
S3: As a student I want to have the possibility to time myself when working on a task.
S4: As a student I want to be able to compile all files related to the project*


MARKER
M1: As a marker I want to see the contribution of each student on a group work.
M2: As a marker I want to see on what task did a particular student worked on.

STUDENT AND MARKER
SM1: As a user I want to use the software even without an internet connection.
SM2: As a user I want the software to be user friendly.



Things that we'll need to do:
- All visualisations can't be done before we finished with the handling of data
  i.e. we must first: build a timer
                      make the form so that user can store details of the task accurately
                      need to make some restrictions on the format of the data so that we can handle it easily for graph
                      Must make a way for the user to store that data in a particular file locally.
                      We need to know which type of file we would use to store the data(e.g txt, csv)
                      Need to know where file is stored and under what name

After making sure the above works, we can start working on how 
to merge the file of each student in a group into a single one.
To do this we must: allow the user to select multiple files
                    We need to know how to get access to these files from our JS code.
                    Once we can reference all files, we can then create a new file which contain all these data
                    Need to know what name to named the file and where it's stored locally.
                    Student will then submit that file.

After making sure the above are working as expected, we can now start with the graph,
To do this we must: allow the user to select the correct file on his/her computer
                    Then the user can choose what type of data he/she wants to see (more details needed)
                    We can generate a graph(e.g. barchart) of the percentage contribution of each student as group
                    Percentage of each student on a particular task.
                    We must know what user really wants then we'll need to know how to make user choose it
                    This must be done after selecting the graph then in our JS code we'll need to
                    extract data for the correct column and calculate accordingly.  
